# PracticeSDProject

## Description

This repository contains the source code for a synthetic data practice project.

It shows both how the data is generated, corrupted, and validated before being uploaded onto a MySQL database.

## Installation

To install the necessary dependencies, run the following command:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
[!IMPORTANT]

The synthetic  license data generated by this tool is entirely fictitious and created for research, development, and testing purposes only. The data, including names, addresses, driver license numbers, and any other personal information, is randomly generated and does not correspond to any real individuals. It is crucial to understand that this data is not valid for any legal or official use.

The creators and contributors of this tool strictly prohibit the use of generated data for any fraudulent activities, identity theft, or any other illegal purposes. The intent behind providing this tool is to support the development and testing of systems requiring driver license data without the need for real personal information, thereby protecting individual privacy and complying with data protection regulations.

By using this tool, you agree to use the generated data responsibly and ethically, acknowledging that misuse of this data may result in legal consequences. The creators and contributors of this tool disclaim any liability for misuse of the data or any harm resulting from its use. It is the user's responsibility to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations when using the generated data.

This disclaimer is subject to change without notice, and it is the user's responsibility to review it periodically. Your use of this tool signifies your acceptance of this disclaimer.
[!IMPORTANT]